PYIC-4572: Update RevokeVcsHandler and RestoreVcsHandler READMEs (#1603)
alphagov/di-ipv-core-back: lambdas/restore-vcs/README.md

# RestoreVcsHandler

---

## Description

This lambda mirrors the functionality of [RevokeVcsHandler](lambdas/revoke-vcs/README.md), except for some differences:
1. The direction of change of VC ownership is opposite
2. The lambda does not send a failing audit event

---

## Running the lambda

> > This lambda should only be called with explicit permission from stakeholders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This lambda should not be invoked in production without explicit sign-off from stakeholders
```

### Payload

- The payload is the same as for the revoke lambda.

### Command

```bash

> aws-vault exec PROFILE -- \

Reviewer: Maybe worth providing a way of doing this with [SSO](https://govukverify.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/PLAT/pages/3554280423/Getting+Ready+for+AWS+SSO) as I think this is the way we're expected to interact with AWS profiles and sessions moving forward?

Author: I think you're right though I think I will merge this now, but it's helpful to know this and I may go back and update it
